https://codepen.io/wearefsociety/pen/oNxgWbq


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML markup to give meaning to a page, it also helps             search engines and screen readers
    2. What is HTML used for? 
       Markup language use to display content on a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
       Attributes are special words that are placed inside the          opening tag to control and elements behavior
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      H1 tag is used to display the heading on a page and should not be used more than once for readibility purposes.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Src,alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata
    7. What is an id? 
       unique indentifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        div,h1,section,p, and many more
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        only once
    10. What is a class? 
        attribute that specifies one or more classnames
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        divs,h1-h6,p,img,section, and many more
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        how many ever you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        add target="_blank" inside the a tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        alternative text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        with the hash # character
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section groups its content where a div has no meaning           its a block level element.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        givng style to a page
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the        page?
     h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id's can be used to indentify one element where a class can identify multiple elements. for example if i wanted to style one of all the h2 tags on a page a specific way i would use and id if i wanted all the h2 tags to have the same style i would give each of them the same class name.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      with a dot (.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? for example nav is a parent and ol is a child and li is a child of ol and nav can be a child of a div and so on. if you wanted ti select a certain child of a parent maybe to style or something else.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{};
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it is a selector that selects elements in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
      letter-spacing:;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
      border:10px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{};
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
        /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        cd ~
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    type ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
      rm filename. it doesnt give you any warnings
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        tracks individual changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        whenever you finish a step.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
      git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow
        fork,add collabarator,clone,branch,commenting,adding,committing,push,pull. 
        ......